V2.17-RUN-16243-stats-list-credentials-datasource (#729)
run-ai/docs: docs/admin/admin-ui-setup/credentials-setup.md

4. Press `Create credential` to create the credential.

## Credentials Table

The *Credentials* table contains a column that shows the status of the credential. The following statuses are supported:

| Status |  Description |
| -- | -- |
| **No issues found** | No issues were found when propagating the credential to the configured scope. |
| **Issues found** | Issues were found while propagating the credentials to the configured scope. |
| **Issues found** | The credential could not be created in the cluster. |

> | **No status** | Status could not be displayed because the credentials scope is an account. |

Author: ```suggestion
| **No status** | Status could not be displayed because the asset in the scope is an account. |
```
